Reorganizing environment object schema docs (#7868)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-cloud-apis/schema-discovery-environment-applied-modelHistoricalRuns.mdx

### Example query

> You can specify the `environmentId` and the model's `uniqueId` to return the model and its execution history for the 'customers' model in the 'marketing' package, including performance metrics and test results for the last 20 times it was run, regardless of which job ran it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can specify the `environmentId` and the model's `uniqueId` to return the model and its execution history for the `customers` model in the `marketing` package, including performance metrics and test results for the last 20 times it was run, regardless of which job ran it.
```
